Response Header Modification: Add `set-cookie` caveat (#12350)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/rules/transform/response-header-modification/_index.md

* Any response header modifications will also apply to Cloudflare error pages and [custom error pages](/support/more-dashboard-apps/cloudflare-custom-pages/configuring-custom-pages-error-and-challenge/).

* Modifying `cache-control`, `CDN-Cache-Control`, or `Cloudflare-CDN-Cache-Control` headers will not change the way Cloudflare caches an object. Instead, you should create a [Cache Rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/).

> * Modifying the `set-cookie` header will result in overwriting any preexisting `set-cookie` headers, including those added by other Cloudflare products. This includes the header responsible for setting a cookie used by Bot Management.

Author: I'm sort of conflating two things here:

 * The fact that in this case, the rule is not exactly modifying a header, it's removing any and all preexisting headers of the same name and then adding a new header in their place.
 * The fact that Response Header Modification appears to run after the stage where Bot Management attaches its own `set-cookie` header.

* Any response header modifications will also apply to Cloudflare error pages and [custom error pages](/support/more-dashboard-apps/cloudflare-custom-pages/configuring-custom-pages-error-and-challenge/).

* Modifying `cache-control`, `CDN-Cache-Control`, or `Cloudflare-CDN-Cache-Control` headers will not change the way Cloudflare caches an object. Instead, you should create a [Cache Rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/).

> * Setting the `set-cookie` header will result in overwriting all preexisting `set-cookie` headers, including those added by other Cloudflare products (e.g. Bot Management).
>   * Instead, use "Add" to add a new `set-cookie` header. (Note that only a string literal value is supported at this time). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To add a `set-cookie` header to the response, make sure you use the _Add_ operation instead of _Set static_/_Set dynamic_. Using one of the _Set_ operations will remove any `set-cookie` headers already in the response, including those added by other Cloudflare products such as Bot Management.

* Currently you can only use the _Add_ operation with a literal string value.
```

* Modifying `cache-control`, `CDN-Cache-Control`, or `Cloudflare-CDN-Cache-Control` headers will not change the way Cloudflare caches an object. Instead, you should create a [Cache Rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/).

> * To add a `set-cookie` header to the response, make sure you use the _Add_ operation instead of _Set static_/_Set dynamic_. Using one of the _Set_ operations will remove any `set-cookie` headers already in the response, including those added by other Cloudflare products such as Bot Management.

Author: Thank you, this is much clearer!
